Sunny Obsidian Tiger

Medium

# Rug Pull Risk in `StakingRewardsV2.sol#recoverERC20()` function

## Summary
There is a risk of Rug Pull as the `StakingRewardsV2.sol#recoverERC20()` function allows the administrator (owner of the contract) to directly access the USDC rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `StakingRewardsV2.sol#recoverERC20()` function recovers LP Rewards from other systems  such as BAL to be distributed to holders.
```solidity
    function recoverERC20(address _tokenAddress, uint256 _tokenAmount) external onlyOwner {
        if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta)) revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
        emit Recovered(_tokenAddress, _tokenAmount);
-->     IERC20(_tokenAddress).transfer(owner(), _tokenAmount);
    }
```
As you can see, for USDC tokens, the contract's assets are accessed directly, regardless of the amount of tokens that need to be distributed to stakers.
As a result, if the amount of the contract's reward token (USDC) becomes less than the amount that must be paid, users will not be able to receive rewards and the main core functions of the protocol may be damaged.

According to the CheckList from [Solodit](https://solodit.xyz/checklist), I think this is a valid issue.

  > SOL-AM-RP-1
  > Description: Some protocols grant an admin with a privilege of pulling assets directly from the protocol. In general, if there is an actor that can affect the user funds directly it must be reported.
  > Remediation: Allow access to only the relevant parts of protocol funds, e.g. by tracking fees internally. Forcing a timelock on the admin actions can be another mitigation.

## Impact
Users will not be able to receive rewards and the main core functions of the protocol may be damaged.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L710-L714

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Please fix this so that USDC tokens cannot be recovered.
```solidity
    function recoverERC20(address _tokenAddress, uint256 _tokenAmount) external onlyOwner {
        if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta)) revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
+++     if (_tokenAddress == address(usdc)) revert CannotRecoverRewardToken();
        emit Recovered(_tokenAddress, _tokenAmount);
        IERC20(_tokenAddress).transfer(owner(), _tokenAmount);
    }
```