Clumsy Inky Scallop

Medium

# Rewards are calculated and considered distributed even if there are no stakers, effectively locking the rewards forever.

## Summary

If there are no stakers in the `StakingRewardsV2` contract but rewards have been sent for distribution, these rewards will be considered distributed but to no one.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `StakingRewardsV2` contract is a fork of the `Synthetix` rewards distribution contract, with slight modifications.

The `Synthetix` contract itself has a flawed edge case scenario where if there are no stakers in the system, the reward per token stored value is not updated, but the last update time is.

The same flaw is present in the `StakingRewardsV2` contract in the `rewardPerToken()` and `rewardPerTokenUSDC()` functions:

```solidity
File: StakingRewardsV2.sol
411:         rewardPerTokenStored = rewardPerToken();
412:         rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC = rewardPerTokenUSDC();
413:         lastUpdateTime = lastTimeRewardApplicable();
...
438:         if (allTokensStaked == 0) {
439:             return rewardPerTokenStored;
440:         }
...
450:         if (allTokensStaked == 0) {
451:             return rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC;
452:         }
```

Because of this, even when there are no users staking, the accounting logic still considers funds as being distributed during that timeframe (because the lastUpdateTime is updated). This means the funds are effectively distributed to no one, rather than being saved for future stakers. Consequently, these funds will be locked in the contract forever.

In contrast to the Synthetix implementation, in StakingRewardsV2 calling the `notifyRewardAmount()` function is strict. 

The reward tokens are transferred in the same transaction as the `notifyRewardAmount()` function, which is called from within the `StakingRewardsNotifier.notifyRewardAmount()`. This call is immutable and cannot be crafted to report a larger amount than transferred. 

In Synthetix, this issue can be mitigated by calling `notifyRewardAmount()` with the proper amount value without transferring the tokens themselves.

However, in StakingRewardsV2, if a reward is deposited but there are no stakers, the reward that should have been distributed during the period until a user stakes will be locked in the contract forever and will not be available for the next reward period.

## Impact

If the `notifyRewardAmount()` function is called when there are no users staking, the funds that should have gone to the stakers will instead be locked in the contract forever.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L410-L413
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L438-L440
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L450-L452

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When calling the `_updateReward()` function, if `totalSupply()` is 0, calculate and transfer the `soon to be lost` rewards back to the `StakingRewardsNotifier` contract.