Formal Graphite Crab

Medium

# if `notifyRewardAmount()` is called when total supply = 0, then the rewards emitted are unrecoverable due to $kwenta recovert is reverted on `recoverERC20`

## Summary

previous issue reference: https://0xmacro.com/blog/synthetix-staking-rewards-issue-inefficient-reward-distribution/

Although the issue exists in synthetix staking contract, it is medium to low there because the reward token is only one token and it can be recovered thereby calling `recoverERC` and its possible to pull the reward token which won't get streamed to any streamer but locked in contract.
The impact is medium to low, and loss of funds depends upon the time delay between reward notification and first staker when total supply = 0. There is a low likelihood, but > medium impact.

Here in Kwenta, both $KWENTA and $USDC are reward tokens, and `recoverERC20` doesn't allow recovering the $KWENTA. so in this case, if the stream is done with no staker(0 total supply), then the $KWENAT is lost permanently to the contract. Solve by allowing `recoverERC20` to move $KWENTA  (max movable amount = $KWENTA balance - total supply).


## Vulnerability Detail

Issue path:

1. A reward notify is made and the rewards start streaming until the 7-day reward period ending timestamp.
2. One day has passed, and still no one has called stake. So here, 1 day's worth of rewards is emitted, and no one can claim it, not even through recovery; it's just wasted because staking balance = 0.
3. Now, after a day, someone calls stake, and at least now the rewards emitted for the next 6 days can be claimed by someone.

In a math example, 
where current total staking balance = 0. A new reward notify is called for 7 days at 100 reward tokens per day (total =  7 * 100e18)

Now, 1 day is passed and 100 reward tokens are emitted, but no one can claim them because no one ever staked, making the staking balance = 0. The staking balance will be 0 for new reward tokens. This is the root cause. And solvable by allowing $KWENTA to be recoverable, but only max amount = $KWENTA balance - total supply.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L711

```solidity
StakingRewardsV2.sol

721:     function recoverERC20(address _tokenAddress, uint256 _tokenAmount) external onlyOwner {
722:  >>>    if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta)) revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
723:         emit Recovered(_tokenAddress, _tokenAmount);
724:         IERC20(_tokenAddress).transfer(owner(), _tokenAmount);
725:     }

```

The root cause for this issue is, when total balance == 0, if a reward emission is started, since staking balance is zero, the streamed rewards go to no one but to the contract and is a waste. So a reward stream for that period should only be started on the first stake() call.

Also, synthetix reverts if staking token is being recovered, but here in kwenta, both staking token is also used a one of the reward token. So, i$ should also be allowed to be recoverd, but by a limited amount shown in recommendation section.

## Impact
Loss of $KWENTA reward tokens, and likelihood of 0 total supply (staked = 0) is decent. `recoverERC20` doesn't allow recovering the $KWENTA. so the stream is done with no staker(0 total supply), then the $KWENTA is lost permanently to the contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L411-L435

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L645

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L711

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L711

```diff
    function recoverERC20(address _tokenAddress, uint256 _tokenAmount) external onlyOwner {
-       if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta)) revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
+       if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta)) {
+           if ( _tokenAmount > kwenta.balanceOf(address(this)) - totalSupply())  revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
+       };
        emit Recovered(_tokenAddress, _tokenAmount);
        IERC20(_tokenAddress).transfer(owner(), _tokenAmount);
    }
```
