Genuine Pickle Lizard

Medium

# Rewards are calculated as distributed even if there are no stakers,which can lock the rewards forever

## Summary
In the contract `StalkingRewardsV2.sol` The code special-cases the scenario where there are no users, by not updating the cumulative rate when the _totalSupply is zero, but it does not include such a condition for the tracking of the timestamp
## Vulnerability Detail
`
function rewardPerTokenUSDC() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 allTokensStaked = totalSupply();

        if (allTokensStaked == 0) {
            return rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC;
        }

        return rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC
            + (((lastTimeRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateTime) * rewardRateUSDC * 1e18) / allTokensStaked);
    }`
    Because of this, even when there are no users staking, the accounting logic still thinks funds were being dispersed during that timeframe (because the starting timestamp is updated),

As a result, if the distributeRewards() function is called prior to there being any users staking, the funds that should have gone to the first stakers will instead accrue to nobody, and be locked in the contract forever.
## Impact
Proof of Concept: Here's an example scenario: Alice can update rewards  and Bob is a person who wants to stake .

Alice calls the updateRewards() function to mint  for this contract. Let's suppose the minted toekn is 7*86400 ether to calculate simply. Then rewardRate becomes 1 ether.
After 24 hours, Bob stakes 10000 tokens into the contract.
After 6 days, Bob withdraw all staked tokens and claim rewards. Then he gets 6*86400 ether.
As a result, 86400 ether is locked in the contract.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L447
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L410
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
   ` function _updateReward(address _account) internal {
        rewardPerTokenStored = rewardPerToken();
        rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC = rewardPerTokenUSDC();
        lastUpdateTime = lastTimeRewardApplicable();

        if (_account != address(0)) {
            // update amount of rewards a user can claim
            rewards[_account] = earned(_account);

            // update reward per token staked AT this given time
            // (i.e. when this user is interacting with StakingRewards)
            userRewardPerTokenPaid[_account] = rewardPerTokenStored;
          

      if (totalSupply == 0) { revert CommonEventsAndErrors.NoStaker(); } // add this check

            rewardsUSDC[_account] = earnedUSDC(_account);

            userRewardPerTokenPaidUSDC[_account] = rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC;
        }
    }`
    
