Abundant Scarlet Loris

High

# Missing Functionality in SupplySchedule Prevents Staking Reward Distribution.

## Summary
The reward distribution process for staking Kwenta tokens in `StakingRewardV2.sol` is broken due to a missing function in `SupplySchedule.sol`. This prevents users from receiving their staking rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `notifyRewardAmount()` function in `StakingRewardV2.sol` is responsible for distributing staking rewards and can only be called by `rewardsNotifier` due to the `onlyRewardsNotifier` modifier.

`StakingRewardsNotifier.sol` has its own `notifyRewardAmount()` function, which calls the staking reward function. This function can only be called by `SupplySchedule.sol` due to the `onlySupplySchedule` modifier.

However, `SupplySchedule.sol` does not have any function to call the `notifyRewardAmount()` function in `StakingRewardsNotifier.sol`. As a result, the staking contract cannot receive the reward amount and distribute it to users.

## Impact
Users who stake their Kwenta tokens will not be able to receive any rewards because the staking contract cannot get the reward amount from the system.

## Code Snippet

[notifyRewardAmount function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsNotifier.sol#L88)

[SupplySchedule Contract](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/SupplySchedule.sol)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the functionality where the `notifyRewardAmount()` function of the `StakingRewardsNotifier.sol` is called to distribute the rewards.