Cheerful Black Wasp

Medium

# Incorrect Handling of `mintedAmount` in `notifyRewardAmount` Function

## Summary

Incorrect Handling of `mintedAmount` in `notifyRewardAmount` Function

## Vulnerability Detail

The `notifyRewardAmount` function in the `StakingRewardsNotifier` contract incorrectly transfers the entire balance of `Kwenta` and `USDC` tokens to the `stakingRewardsV2` contract, instead of transferring only the `mintedAmount`. This can lead to unintended behavior where more tokens than intended are transferred, potentially disrupting the reward distribution mechanism.

Let's consider an example to illustrate the issue:

1. **Initial State:**
    - The `StakingRewardsNotifier` contract has a balance of 100 Kwenta tokens and 50 USDC tokens.
2. **Minting Process:**
    - The `mint` function in `SupplySchedule` calculates `amountToStakingRewards` as 30 Kwenta tokens.
    - It mints 30 Kwenta tokens to the `stakingRewards` contract.
    - It calls `notifyRewardAmount(30)` on the `stakingRewards` contract.
3. **Notification:**
    - The `stakingRewards` contract calls `notifyRewardAmount(30)` on the `StakingRewardsNotifier` contract.
4. **Current Implementation:**
    - The `StakingRewardsNotifier` contract transfers its entire balance of 100 Kwenta tokens and 50 USDC tokens to the `stakingRewardsV2` contract, instead of the intended 30 Kwenta tokens.

## Impact

The stakingRewardsV2 contract receives more tokens than intended, which can lead to over-distribution of rewards.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsNotifier.sol#L88C4-L95C6

```solidity
 function notifyRewardAmount(uint256 mintedAmount) external onlySupplySchedule {
        uint256 currentBalance = kwenta.balanceOf(address(this));
        kwenta.transfer(address(stakingRewardsV2), currentBalance);
        uint256 currentBalanceUsdc = usdc.balanceOf(address(this));
        usdc.transfer(address(stakingRewardsV2), currentBalanceUsdc);

        stakingRewardsV2.notifyRewardAmount(currentBalance, currentBalanceUsdc);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify the `notifyRewardAmount` function to transfer only the `mintedAmount` of Kwenta tokens and the corresponding amount of USDC tokens, rather than the entire balance. This will ensure that only the intended amount of tokens is transferred to the stakingRewardsV2 contract.