Formal Syrup Pig

Medium

# Rewards in the `StakingRewardsV2.sol` contract for the initial period can be lost

### Summary

## Summary

The `StakingRewardsV2.sol` contract is designed to manage the staking of KWENTA tokens and the distribution of rewards generated from the protocol. The vulnerability arises from the reward distribution mechanism, specifically the potential loss of rewards for the initial period of staking due to the timing of the `notifyRewardAmount()` function.

The staking mechanism is inspired by the Synthetix `StakingRewards.sol` implementation, which distributes rewards over a fixed period. This period restarts whenever new rewards are added to the system. Stakers can deposit their KWENTA tokens into the contract. The contract tracks each staker's deposit on a per-position basis, allowing for independent management of each staking position.

- **Notify Reward Amount**:
   ```solidity
   function notifyRewardAmount(uint256 reward) external onlyRewardDistribution updateReward(address(0)) {
       if (block.timestamp >= periodFinish) {
           rewardRate = reward.div(rewardsDuration);
       } aelse {
           uint256 remaining = periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
           uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardRate);
           rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardsDuration);
       }
       lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
       periodFinish = block.timestamp.add(rewardsDuration);
       emit RewardAdded(reward);
   }
   ```

## Vulnerability Detail

Rewards management and distribution are handled through a system where KWENTA and USDC tokens are used for the reward tokens. The `StakingRewardsV2.sol` contract collects these tokens and distributes them to stakers based on their share of the total staked KWENTA. The distribution rate is determined by the amount of reward tokens available and the duration over which they are to be distributed.

The reward calculation and distribution mechanism is designed to ensure fair and proportional allocation of rewards to all stakers based on their contribution to the protocol. However, this system relies on the accurate tracking of staking durations and the timely update of reward rates.

The core issue lies in the handling of reward periods and the potential for rewards to be lost if no stakers are present at the beginning of the reward period.

The vulnerability arises because the `notifyRewardAmount()` function initializes the reward period and sets the reward rate based on the assumption that stakers are present from the beginning. If the reward period starts without any stakers, the rewards accrued during this time can be lost, leading to inefficiencies in reward distribution and disincentivizing early participation.

In essence, the issue arises when the contract begins to accrue rewards from the start of a reward period, regardless of whether there are stakers present to claim these rewards. If the reward period starts and continues without any stakers, the accrued rewards during this time are effectively lost from the perspective of potential participants.

This is a known vulnerability that have been covered before, The following reports can be used as a reference for the described issue:
- [0xMacro Blog - Synthetix Vulnerability](https://0xmacro.com/blog/synthetix-staking-rewards-issue-inefficient-reward-distribution/)

Example Scenario:
1. Someone has added reward which made reward rate as 10 reward per second using `notifyRewardAmount` function

```solidity
    rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardsDuration);
```

```solidity
    rewardRate = reward.div(rewardsDuration);
```

1. For initial 10 seconds there were no deposits which means total supply was 0
2. So no reward were distributed for initial 10 seconds and reward for this duration which is 10*10=100 will remain in contract
3. Since on notifying contract of new rewards, these stuck rewards are not considered so these 100 rewards will remain in contract with no usage

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

On very first deposit better to have (block.timestamp-startTime) * rewardRate amount of reward being marked unused which can be used in next notifyrewardamount

## Impact

The primary impact of the bug is the potential loss of rewards for the initial period of staking. This can occur when the reward distribution mechanism does not account for the time elapsed between the initiation of the reward period and the participation of the first staker.
The vulnerability in the `StakingRewardsV2.sol` contract mirrors the issue found in Synthetix's staking rewards mechanism, where rewards for the initial period can be lost if there are no participants to claim them. In the context of the KWENTA Protocol, this means that rewards generated from protocol fees could go unclaimed during periods of low or no participation in staking. This not only leads to inefficiencies in reward distribution but also disincentivizes early participation in the staking process.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/Kwenta/token/blob/main/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L587C1-L603C6

## Recommendation
A possible solution to the issue would be to set the start and end time for the current reward cycle when the first participant joins the reward program, i.e. when the `totalSupply` is greater than zero, instead of starting the process in the `StakingRewardsV2.sol#notifyRewardAmount()` function.

### Root Cause

_No response_

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

_No response_

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_