Wide Fuchsia Elephant

Medium

# Staked tokens can be locked for a long unexpected period of time.

## Summary
When a user stake kwenta tokens into the `StakingRewardV2`, the `userLastStakeTime` variable is updated to the current timestamp.
The user can unstake his own staked tokens after `cooldownPeriod` has passed from the current timestamp.
However, if admin updates the `cooldownPeriod` to a long value during the lock period, the user's staked tokens can be locked for a long period of time which is not expected by user at the stake time.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a user stake kwenta tokens into the `StakingRewardV2`, the `userLastStakeTime` variable is updated to the current timestamp.
For instance, `StakingRewardsV2.sol#stake` function is the following.
```solidity
    function stake(uint256 _amount) external whenNotPaused updateReward(msg.sender) {
        if (_amount == 0) revert AmountZero();

        // update state
        userLastStakeTime[msg.sender] = block.timestamp;
        ......
    }
```
The updated `userLastStakeTime` variable is used in the `_afterCooldown` function which is called by the `unstake` function.
```solidity
    function _afterCooldown(address _account) internal view {
        uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account] + cooldownPeriod;
        if (canUnstakeAt > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
    }
```
Since the `cooldownPeriod` is applied at unstake time, if admin updates the `cooldownPeriod` to a long value during the lock period, the user's staked tokens can be locked for a long period of time which is not expected by user at the stake time.

Example: Assume
1. `cooldownPeriod` is `1 weeks`.
2. A user borrows kwenta tokens from a market for `1 weeks` and stake them into the `StakingRewardV2` to earn rewards.
3. The admin updates the `cooldownPeriod` to `1 year`.
4. The user can't unstake his staked tokens for `1 year` and thus the user will be liquidated after `1 weeks` in the market from which he borrowed the kwenta tokens.

## Impact
The user's staked tokens can be locked for a long unexpected period of time up to `MAX_COOLDOWN_PERIOD = 52 weeks`.
This means that the new `cooldownPeriod` is applied for the users who stake their tokens before the `cooldownPeriod` is updated.

## Code Snippet
- [token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L143](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L143)
- [token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L240](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L240)
- [token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L288](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L288)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Apply the `coolddownPeriod` variable for `userLastStakeTime` at stake time instead of unstake time similar to the `rewardsDuration` variable for `periodFinish`.
For instance, modify the `stake` function as follows.
```solidity
    function stake(uint256 _amount) external whenNotPaused updateReward(msg.sender) {
        if (_amount == 0) revert AmountZero();

        // update state
--      userLastStakeTime[msg.sender] = block.timestamp;
++      userLastStakeTime[msg.sender] = block.timestamp + cooldownPeriod;
        ......
    }
```
And then modify the `_afterCooldown` function as follows.
```solidity
    function _afterCooldown(address _account) internal view {
--      uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account] + cooldownPeriod;
++      uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account];
        if (canUnstakeAt > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
    }
```
