Micro Fleece Octopus

Medium

# Updating `coolDownPeriod` will disrupt all unstaking activities

## Summary
The [`afterCooldown` ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L137) modifier uses the most recent value of `coolDownPeriod` which would disrupt unstaking activities
## Vulnerability Detail
Upon deployment `cooldownPeriod` is set to 2 weeks meaning users will have to stake for at least 2 weeks before they can call `unstake` 
```solidity
    function _afterCooldown(address _account) internal view {
        uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account] + cooldownPeriod;        // @audit uses current cooldownPeriod
        if (canUnstakeAt > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
    }
```
If an admin decides to set new `cooldownPeriod` through `setCooldownPeriod` this would result in some users being able to unstake earlier or later than originally anticipated.  

Scenario 1: admin changes `cooldownPeriod` from 2 weeks to 52 weeks. Users who have staked at WEEK_0, before the cooldown change, would expect to be able to unstake after WEEK_2, however `afterCooldown` modifier will prevent them from doing so since `canUnstakeAt` will return a timestamp 52 weeks after their lastStakeTime in the future.  

Scenario 2: admin changes `cooldownPeriod` from 52 weeks back to 2 weeks. Users who have staked at WEEK_0, before the cooldown change, would expect to be able to unstake after WEEK_52, however `unstake` will be callable earlier due to `canUnstakeAt` being greatly reduced.  

Some users will benefit by being able to unstake earlier, while others will find themselves unable to unstake despite the original cooldown at which they found the protocol appealing to stake at. Setting a new cooldown period should take effect on staking services only post-update. Current discrepancy could drive users away from the protocol due to short-term stakers being soft-locked for time they probably wouldn't have staked for originally while long-term stakers would have their protocol commitment loosened with early exit being available. 
## Impact
Unexpected/Unintended behaviour
## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function _afterCooldown(address _account) internal view {
        uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account] + cooldownPeriod; // @note uses most recent value
        if (canUnstakeAt > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ditch the `afterCooldown` modifier. Instead, log `canUnstakeAt` for each user in a mapping
```solidity
    function stake(uint256 _amount) external whenNotPaused updateReward(msg.sender) {
        if (_amount == 0) revert AmountZero();


        // update state
        canUnstakeAt[msg.sender] = block.timestamp + cooldownPeriod;
        _addTotalSupplyCheckpoint(totalSupply() + _amount);
        _addBalancesCheckpoint(msg.sender, balanceOf(msg.sender) + _amount);


        // emit staking event and index msg.sender
        emit Staked(msg.sender, _amount);


        // transfer token to this contract from the caller
        kwenta.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);
    }
```
Modify `_afterCooldownPeriod` method to the snippet below and add it in `unstake` flow.
```solidity
    function _afterCooldown(address _account) internal view {
        uint256 unstakeTimestamp = canUnstakeAt[_account];
        if (unstakeTimestamp > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
    }
```
This way users will abide by the new cooldownPeriod only for staking activities post-update. Long-term stakers would still be committed to the protocol when cooldownPeriod is large. Short-term stakers would not have their KWENTA locked for longer than they originally agreed to.