Feisty Indigo Giraffe

Medium

# Users can not unstake even if there are no rewards left in the contract.

## Summary
Users can not unstake even if there are no rewards left in the contract. This happens when cool down period is greater than the reward duration period.
## Vulnerability Detail
As can be seen from the following lines that the cool down period can be greater than the reward duration.
```solidity
  function initialize(address _contractOwner) external initializer {
        if (_contractOwner == address(0)) revert ZeroAddress();

        // initialize owner
        __Ownable2Step_init();
        __Pausable_init();
        __UUPSUpgradeable_init();

        // transfer ownership
        _transferOwnership(_contractOwner);

        // define values
        rewardsDuration = 1 weeks;
        cooldownPeriod = 2 weeks;
    }
```
Now the issue is that suppose a user stakes at time T now for example reward duration period is 1 week and cooldown period is 2 weeks. Therefore reward distribution will stop at time T + 1 week and now users staked funds would be just sitting in the contract and won't accrue any rewards until next rewards are notified. As notification of the reward are no where mentioned that they would be periodic or happen instantly as one cycle ends therefore there can even be large delay between reward distribution of one cycle and the other. At this point users should be allowed to unstake but this doesn't happen because the cool down period would last till T + 2 weeks therefore only after that users would be allowed to unstake.


## Impact
Users can't unstake even when there are no rewards left.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L175C3-L189C6
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make the following changes to the _afterCooldown function
```solidity
function _afterCooldown(address _account) internal view {
        uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account] + cooldownPeriod;
         if (canUnstakeAt > periodFinish) {
           canUnstakeAt = periodFinish; 
           }
        if (canUnstakeAt > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
    }
```