Cheerful Black Wasp

Medium

# Cooldown Period Bypass via Minimal Staking

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

The `unstake` function in the` StakingRewardsV2` contract is designed to enforce a `cooldown` period before users can `unstake` their tokens. The `cooldown` period starts from the last time a user interacted with the staking contract, including staking additional tokens. However, a user can bypass this `cooldown` period by frequently staking a very small amount of tokens (e.g., 1 wei), effectively resetting the cooldown timer without significant cost.

## Impact
This behavior undermines the purpose of the cooldown period, which is to prevent immediate unstaking after staking and to ensure a minimum commitment period. Users can unstake their tokens without adhering to the intended cooldown, potentially leading to instability in the staking mechanism and unfair advantages.

and bypass the below too 
> it's possible to "snapshot" the distribution by staking right before the threshold is met to be a part of the distribution. This incentivizes poor short term behavior and is the antithesis to staking. This is currently corrected by a staking cooldown to disincentivize snapshot or flash staking

**Example Scenario:**

1. **Initial Stake**: A user stakes 100 KWENTA tokens.
2. **Cooldown Period**: The cooldown period of two weeks starts.
3. **Frequent Minimal Staking**: The user sets up an automated script to stake 1 wei of KWENTA after cooldown period ends.
4. **Cooldown Reset**: Each time the user stakes 1 wei, the cooldown period resets to two weeks from the latest interaction.
5. **Bypassing Cooldown**: By continuously staking 1 wei, the user ensures that the cooldown period never completes, effectively bypassing the intended delay before unstaking.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function unstake(uint256 _amount)
    public
    whenNotPaused
    updateReward(msg.sender)
    afterCooldown(msg.sender)
{
    if (_amount == 0) revert AmountZero();
    uint256 nonEscrowedBalance = nonEscrowedBalanceOf(msg.sender);
    if (_amount > nonEscrowedBalance) revert InsufficientBalance(nonEscrowedBalance);

    // update state
    _addTotalSupplyCheckpoint(totalSupply() - _amount);
    _addBalancesCheckpoint(msg.sender, balanceOf(msg.sender) - _amount);

    // emit unstake event and index msg.sender
    emit Unstaked(msg.sender, _amount);

    // transfer token from this contract to the caller
    kwenta.transfer(msg.sender, _amount);
}

```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L252C4-L270C18

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement a minimum staking amount requirement to reset the cooldown period. This ensures that only significant staking interactions can reset the cooldown timer.