Wonderful Ocean Wombat

Medium

# No Storage Gap for Upgradeable Contract `StakingRewardsV2`

## Summary
`StakingRewardsV2` is an `UUPSUpgradeable` contract but has no gap variable to reserve storage which could lead to issues while upgrading the contract

## Vulnerability Detail
For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to "allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments". Otherwise it may be very difficult to write new implementation code. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts.

Refer to the bottom part of this article: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable

## Impact
Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L20-L25

## Proof of Concept
As an example, If the contract inheriting the `StakingRewardsV2` contract contains additional variable, then the base contract cannot be upgraded to include any additional variable, because it would overwrite the variable declared in its child contract. This greatly limits contract upgradeability.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Recommend adding appropriate storage gap at the end of upgradeable contracts such as the below. Please reference OpenZeppelin upgradeable contract templates.
```javscript
uint256[50] private __gap;
```