Clumsy Inky Scallop

Medium

# User will not be able to claim his `KWENTA` rewards when `USDC` blacklisted.

## Summary

The `USDC` is claimed (transferred to the user) in the `_getReward()` function, which also distributes `KWENTA` rewards to eligible users. In a case where a user is blacklisted in the `USDC` contract, they will not be able to claim their `KWENTA` rewards, leading to a loss of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

In a highly unlikely scenario where a malicious actor manipulates `Circle` to add an innocent user to the `USDC` blacklist (e.g., by performing malicious actions with that user address), the user will not only be unable to claim `USDC` but will also be unable to claim their `KWENTA` rewards.

This is due to the fact that both rewards are distributed within the `_getReward()` function, and the `USDC` redemption part does not recheck the `blacklist` status before transferring the tokens.

Even in a situation where the `USDC` blacklist is valid, the user should not be blacklisted from `KWENTA` rewards by an external system.

## Impact

Loss of funds in the form of `KWENTA` rewards.
Denial of Service (DoS) in the `getReward()`, `getRewardOnBehalf()`, `compound()`, `compoundOnBehalf()`, and `exit()` functions.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L372-L383

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recheck if the user is not blacklisted in the `USDC` contract, and if needed, skip the `USDC` distribution part in the `_getReward()` function.