Virtual Pear Bird

Medium

# stakingRewards reward rate can be dragged out and diluted

## Summary
stakingRewards reward rate can be dragged out and diluted
## Vulnerability Detail

  if (block.timestamp >= periodFinish) {
            rewardRate = _reward / rewardsDuration;
            rewardRateUSDC = _rewardUsdc / rewardsDuration;
        } else {
            uint256 remaining = periodFinish - block.timestamp;

            uint256 leftover = remaining * rewardRate;
            rewardRate = (_reward + leftover) / rewardsDuration;

            uint256 leftoverUsdc = remaining * rewardRateUSDC;
            rewardRateUSDC = (_rewardUsdc + leftoverUsdc) / rewardsDuration;
        }
The StakingRewards.notifyRewardAmount function receives a reward amount and extends the current reward end time to now + rewardsDuration. It rebases the currently remaining rewards + the new rewards (reward + leftover) over this new rewardsDuration period. This can lead to a dilution of the reward rate and rewards being dragged out forever by malicious new reward deposits.

Imagine the current rewardRate is 1000 rewards / rewardsDuration.

20% of the rewardsDuration passed, i.e., now = lastUpdateTime + 20% * rewardsDuration.

A malicious actor notifies the contract with a reward of 0: notifyRewardAmount(0).

Then the new rewardRate = (reward + leftover) / rewardsDuration = (0 + 800) / rewardsDuration = 800 / rewardsDuration.

The rewardRate just dropped by 20%. This can be repeated infinitely. After another 20% of reward time passed, they trigger notifyRewardAmount(0) to reduce it by another 20% again: rewardRate = (0 + 640) / rewardsDuration = 640 / rewardsDuration.
## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L645
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The rewardRate should never decrease by a notifyRewardAmount call. Consider not extending the reward payouts by rewardsDuration on every call. periodFinish probably shouldn't change at all, the rewardRate should just increase by rewardRate += reward / (periodFinish - block.timestamp).

Alternatively, consider keeping the rewardRate constant but extend periodFinish time by += reward / rewardRate.