Calm Ruby Condor

High

# Incorrect Checkpoint Value Overwriting for Multiple Stake/Unstake Transactions in the Same Block

## Summary
The `StakingRewardsV2::stake`, `StakingRewardsV2::unstake`, `StakingRewardsV2::stakeEscrow` and `StakingRewardsV2::unstakeEscrow` functions in the contract suffer from a vulnerability where multiple transactions within the same block can cause incorrect checkpoint `value` overwriting. This issue can lead to inaccurate tracking of `staked` and `unstaked` token balances.
## Vulnerability Details
When a user performs multiple `stake` or `unstake` transactions within the same block, the checkpoint values are overwritten rather than accumulated. The checkpoint functions `StakingRewardsV2::_addTotalSupplyCheckpoint` and `StakingRewardsV2::_addBalancesCheckpoint` update the checkpoint values based on the latest transaction within the block, discarding interim values. This behaviour results in the incorrect representation of the total supply and individual balances, causing potential loss of `staked` or `unstaked` amounts.

## Impact
The incorrect checkpoint value overwriting can lead to significant discrepancies in the recorded state of staked and unstaked tokens. Users may lose tokens, as interim values are not correctly accounted for. This can cause loss of funds and undermine the integrity of the staking mechanism.
## Code Snippet
The vulnerability lies in the else block of the code.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L618-L638
```solidity
function _addCheckpoint(Checkpoint[] storage checkpoints, uint256 _value) internal {
    uint256 length = checkpoints.length;
    uint256 lastTimestamp;
    unchecked {
        lastTimestamp = length == 0 ? 0 : checkpoints[length - 1].ts;
    }

    if (lastTimestamp != block.timestamp) {
        checkpoints.push(
            Checkpoint({
                ts: uint64(block.timestamp),
                blk: uint64(block.number),
                value: uint128(_value)
            })
        );
    } else {
        unchecked {
              // @audit : this line overwrites the value.
->            checkpoints[length - 1].value = uint128(_value);
        }
    }
}
```
## Proof Of Concept
1.`user` calls the `StakingRewardsV2::stake` function to stake 100 tokens.
2.The transaction is pending and will be mined in the next block.
3.Without waiting for the first transaction to be mined, `user` calls the `StakingRewardsV2::stake`  function again to stake an additional 200 tokens.
4.Both transactions are now pending and will be mined in the same block.
5.The blockchain mines the block that includes both staking transactions.
6.`user` expects his balance to be updated to 300 tokens (100 + 200).
7.The total supply should reflect the increase in staked tokens.
8.However, due to the bug, the checkpoint values are not accumulated. Instead, the last transaction's value (200) overwrites the checkpoint value.
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure checkpoint values accumulate correctly within the same block.
```solidity
function _addCheckpoint(Checkpoint[] storage checkpoints, uint256 _value) internal {
    uint256 length = checkpoints.length;
    uint256 lastTimestamp;
    unchecked {
        lastTimestamp = length == 0 ? 0 : checkpoints[length - 1].ts;
    }

    if (lastTimestamp != block.timestamp) {
        checkpoints.push(
            Checkpoint({
                ts: uint64(block.timestamp),
                blk: uint64(block.number),
                value: uint128(_value)
            })
        );
    } else {
        unchecked {
-            checkpoints[length - 1].value = uint128(_value);
+           checkpoints[length - 1].value = uint128(uint256(checkpoints[length - 1].value) + _value);
        }
    }
}
```