Basic Seafoam Oyster

Medium

# All staked tokens of a user can be locked for a week by new stake of only 1 wei.

## Summary
All staked tokens of a user are locked for a week from the last stake time, regardless of the amount of the last stake.
That is, if a user who have already large balance stake small amount of tokens, the total balance of the user will be locked for a week.

## Vulnerability Detail
All staked tokens of a user are locked because only the current time is used in `StakingRewardsV2._afterCooldown()` regardless the amount of token to unstake.
```solidity
    function _afterCooldown(address _account) internal view {
        uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account] + cooldownPeriod;
        if (canUnstakeAt > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
    }
```
From this the following scenarios are available.

Example 1:
1. A user has 10000e18 KWENTA which are staked long before and can be unstaked right now. 
2. Now the user stake again 1e18 KWENTA.
3. The user can't unstake all of 10001e18 KWENTA for a week.

Example 2:
1. A user has 10000e18 KWENTA which are staked long before and can be unstaked right now. 
2. The user has a operator.
3. The operator stake escrow only 1 KWENTA.
4. The user can't unstake all of `1000e18 + 1` KWENTA for a week.
5. If the operator repeat step 3 every week, the user can't unstake all balance for more longer time.
6. 
## Impact
1. All staked tokens of a user are locked for a week from the last stake time, regardless of the amount of the last stake. This will be counter-incentive for users who are going to stake small amount of tokens while having large balance.
2. Operator can lock all tokens of the user for long time. Although, the operator is set by user, users can make mistake. Even in other case the credit for an operator should be limited. Of course the user can unset the operator but already locked tokens will not be unstaked for a week.

## Code Snippet
- [token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L142-L145](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L142-L145)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
At first, introduce a new storage mapping
```solidity
    mapping(uint256 account => Checkpoint[]) public accumulativeBalance;
```
which is updated in `_stake()` and `_stakeEscrow()` by `_amount` but not updated in `_unstake()` and `_unstakeEscrow()`.
And then add the following function similar to the `balanceAtTime()`.
```solidity
    function accumulativeBalanceAtTime(address _account, uint256 _timestamp) external view returns (uint256) {
        return _checkpointBinarySearch(accumulativeBalance[_account], _timestamp);
    }
```
Finally, modify `StakingRewardsV2._afterCooldown()` as follows.
```diff
    function _afterCooldown(address _account, uint256 _amount) internal view {
-       uint256 canUnstakeAt = userLastStakeTime[_account] + cooldownPeriod;
-       if (canUnstakeAt > block.timestamp) revert MustWaitForUnlock(canUnstakeAt);
+       uint256 accumulativeNow = accumulativeBalanceAtTime(_account, block.timestamp);
+       uint256 accumulativeBefore = accumulativeBalanceAtTime(_account, block.timestamp - 1 weeks);
+       if (balanceOf() - _amount < accumulativeNow - accumulativeBefore) revert MustWaitForUnlock(checkTime, amount);
    }
```