Smooth Hemp Chinchilla

Medium

# Owner can recover `USDC` tokens, potentially disrupting reward distribution (`StakingRewardsV2::recoverERC20`)

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

The `StakingRewardsV2` contract includes a function [`recoverERC20()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L710-L714) that allows the contract owner to recover ERC20 tokens accidentally sent to the contract. This function explicitly prevents the recovery of `KWENTA` tokens, which are used for staking and rewards. However, it does not prevent the recovery of `USDC` tokens, which are also used for rewards. This oversight could lead to significant issues if the owner recovers USDC tokens that are meant to be distributed as rewards to stakers.

The `recoverERC20()` function is designed to allow the contract owner to recover tokens that might have been accidentally sent to the contract. It includes a check to prevent the recovery of `KWENTA` tokens by reverting the transaction if the `_tokenAddress` is the address of the `KWENTA` token. However, there is no such check for the `USDC` token, meaning the owner can recover USDC tokens.

> Relevant code:
```solidity
File: StakingRewardsV2.sol
710:     function recoverERC20(address _tokenAddress, uint256 _tokenAmount) external onlyOwner {
711:         if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta)) revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
712:         emit Recovered(_tokenAddress, _tokenAmount);
713:         IERC20(_tokenAddress).transfer(owner(), _tokenAmount);
714:     }

```


Given that `USDC` is used for rewards in the contract, allowing its recovery could disrupt the reward distribution mechanism. If the owner recovers `USDC` that is meant to be distributed as rewards, the contract might not have enough USDC to fulfill its reward obligations, leading to insolvency.

## Impact
Allowing the recovery of `USDC` tokens poses significant risks to the contract's integrity and the trust of its users. If USDC meant for rewards is recovered, the contract might not have enough `USDC` to fulfill reward obligations, leading to insolvency. This could disrupt the reward distribution mechanism and undermine user trust in the protocol.

## Proof of Concept
1. The owner calls the `recoverERC20()` function with the address of the `USDC` token and a specified amount.
2. The function does not revert the transaction because there is no check to prevent the recovery of `USDC` tokens.
3. The specified amount of `USDC` tokens is transferred from the contract to the owner.
4. The contract no longer has enough `USDC` tokens to fulfill its reward obligations, leading to insolvency.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L710-L714

## Tools Used
Manual review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
To prevent the recovery of `USDC` tokens and ensure the integrity of the reward distribution mechanism, the `recoverERC20()` function should be updated to include a check for the `USDC` token. The function should revert the transaction if the `_tokenAddress` is the address of the `USDC` token.

```diff
function recoverERC20(address _tokenAddress, uint256 _tokenAmount) external onlyOwner {
-   if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta)) revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
+   if (_tokenAddress == address(kwenta) || _tokenAddress == address(usdc)) revert CannotRecoverStakingToken();
    emit Recovered(_tokenAddress, _tokenAmount);
    IERC20(_tokenAddress).transfer(owner(), _tokenAmount);
}
```
