Teeny Mustard Cobra

Medium

# In periods where `totalSupply = 0`, `Kwenta` reward token will be locked forever in `StakingRewardsV2` contract

## Summary
The `StakingRewardsV2` contract is supposed to distribute rewards to stakers, but if in some period, `totalSupply()` was equal to 0, then for that time period, rewards will not added to `rewardPerTokenStored`,  and those period rewards would not distribute to any address and those `Kwenta` reward tokens will stuck in contract forever.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `notifyRewardAmount()` function, `rewardRate` is calculated by dividing `_reward`(or `_reward + leftover`) by  `rewardsDuration`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L651
```solidity
651:     rewardRate = _reward / rewardsDuration;

657:     rewardRate = (_reward + leftover) / rewardsDuration; 
```
The value of `rewardRate` has been set to the division of available reward to duration. So if we distribute `rewardRate` amount in every second between stakers, then all rewards will be used by contract. Contract uses the `_updateReward()` function to update `rewardPerTokenStored` (this variable keeps track of distributed tokens) from L121.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L411
```solidity
411:     rewardPerTokenStored = rewardPerToken();
```
`rewardPerTokenStored` is updated by the `rewardPerToken()` function.
If for some period `totalSupply()` was 0, then contract won't increase `rewardPerTokenStored` from L439. And in those periods, `Kwenta` reward tokens stuck in contract forever, because there is no mechanism to calculate them and withdraw them in contract.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L435-L444
```solidity
435:     function rewardPerToken() public view returns (uint256) { 
436:         uint256 allTokensStaked = totalSupply();
437: 
438:         if (allTokensStaked == 0) {
439:             return rewardPerTokenStored;
440:         }
441: 
442:         return rewardPerTokenStored
443:             + (((lastTimeRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateTime) * rewardRate * 1e18) / allTokensStaked);
444:     }
```
For example, right after protocol team deploy and initialize the contract immediately before others having a chance of staking their tokens, a malicious attacker can call the `SupplySchedule.mint()` function to push some `Kwenta` tokens to the contract, then the `Kwenta` tokens for early period will be locked forever.

## Impact
Forever lost rewards. The amount depends on the amount of time `totalSupply` was `0`, which is not easy to predict, but is likely to happen in the beginning of every new staking period, as stakers have less incentive to be staking without pending rewards.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L651
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L411
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/tree/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L435-L444

## Recommendation
When `totalSupply == 0`, capture the rewards that were emitted and add them later to leftover.