Beautiful Juniper Wolf

Medium

# The staking contract is not taking into account the USDC blocklisting feature, this can brick the ability of the users to claim rewards.

### Summary

The staking contract does not take into account the USDC blocklisting feature, this can break the `_getRewards` function, and will block the ability of the user to claim his rewards.



### Root Cause

The `StakingRewardsV2` contract distributes rewards for the users who stake the kwenta token, these rewards are distributed in kwenta tokens and also in USDC, any user can stake in the staking contract and get the rewards by calling the function `getReward`, this function calls the internal function `_getReward` to pay the user rewards, the rewards in the Kwenta token are sent to the `rewardEscrow` to be vested for a year, but the rewards in USDC are sent to the user.
```solidity
    function _getReward(address _account, address _to)
        internal
        whenNotPaused
        updateReward(_account)
    {
        uint256 reward = rewards[_account];
        if (reward > 0) {
            // update state (first)
            rewards[_account] = 0;


            // emit reward claimed event and index account
            emit RewardPaid(_account, reward);


            // transfer token from this contract to the rewardEscrow
            // and create a vesting entry at the _to address
            kwenta.transfer(address(rewardEscrow), reward);
            rewardEscrow.appendVestingEntry(_to, reward);
        }


        uint256 rewardUSDC = rewardsUSDC[_account];
        if (rewardUSDC > 0) {
            // update state (first)
            rewardsUSDC[_account] = 0;


            // emit reward claimed event and index account
            emit RewardPaidUSDC(_account, rewardUSDC);


            // transfer token from this contract to the account
            // as newly issued rewards from inflation are now issued as non-escrowed
            usdc.transfer(_to, rewardUSDC);
        }
    }
```
The problem here is that the function is not taking into account the blocklisting feature of the USDC token, this can bring problems for the users. for example.

If a user's address gets blocklisted in the USDC contract, then he is not going to be able to get any rewards because the USDC transfer in the `_getReward` function will revert the entire function, this would effectively block the user to get any rewards in the protocol, because nor him neither any operator of the user can claim the rewards.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L382


### Internal pre-conditions

1. A user stake in the Staking contract.
2. For any reason the user gets blacklisted in the USDC contract.
3. Now, if the user tries to claim his rewards, the function `_getRewards` would fail, because the `usdc.transfer` function would revert the entire transaction.

### External pre-conditions

1.- an address get blocklisted in USDC contract

### Attack Path

1. A user stake in the Staking contract.
2. For any reason the user gets blacklisted in the USDC contract.
3. Now, if the user tries to claim his rewards, the function `_getRewards` would fail, because the `usdc.transfer` function would revert the entire transaction.

### Impact

The user can loss all the rewards (kwenta and USDC rewards)

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

the protocol needs to decide which path they want to follow in these cases, they may want the user to lose his rewards and maybe his staking too if he gets blacklisted in the USDC contract, or they may wish to allow the user to claim his rewards, in this case, they can implement a way so the user or any operator is able to claim the rewards.