Abundant Scarlet Loris

High

# Edge Case in Reward Distribution Leading to Loss of Kwenta Tokens

## Summary
There is an edge case in the `notifyRewardAmoun`t function of the staking contract that can lead to the loss of Kwenta tokens. During the initial period after rewards are set but before any participant joins, rewards are not counted, resulting in unclaimable and irrecoverable tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `notifyRewardAmount` function calculates the reward rate per second and records the start of the reward period. However, if no participants join the staking contract after the reward period begins, the rewards for this initial period are lost. These rewards are calculated and applied, but since there are no participants, no one can claim them, and the tokens remain stuck in the system forever. We do not have any function which can takeout tokens.

This is a known vulnerability that has been covered before.
[Synthetix Vulnerability](https://0xmacro.com/blog/synthetix-staking-rewards-issue-inefficient-reward-distribution/)

## Impact
Kwenta tokens allocated as rewards for the initial period after `notifyRewardAmount` is called and no one staked the tokens are lost if no participants join the staking. These tokens cannot be recovered and stuck forever in the system.

## Code Snippet
[Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L645)
```solidity
function notifyRewardAmount(uint256 _reward, uint256 _rewardUsdc)
        external
        onlyRewardsNotifier
        updateReward(address(0))
    {
        if (block.timestamp >= periodFinish) {
            rewardRate = _reward / rewardsDuration;
            rewardRateUSDC = _rewardUsdc / rewardsDuration;
        } else {
            uint256 remaining = periodFinish - block.timestamp;

            uint256 leftover = remaining * rewardRate;
            rewardRate = (_reward + leftover) / rewardsDuration;

            uint256 leftoverUsdc = remaining * rewardRateUSDC;
            rewardRateUSDC = (_rewardUsdc + leftoverUsdc) / rewardsDuration;
        }

        lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
        periodFinish = block.timestamp + rewardsDuration;
        emit RewardAdded(_reward, _rewardUsdc);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. To mitigate this issue, implement a mechanism that starts counting rewards only when the first participant joins the staking contract. This can be done by adjusting the reward calculation logic to check for the presence of participants before applying the reward rate
2. Implement a mechanism where owner can takeout only lost amount of money from the contract.