Unique Seafoam Marmot

Medium

# Incorrect reward distribution in initial period

## Summary
Rewards in `StakingRewardsV2.sol` are initiated when the `RewardsNotifier` calls the `notifyRewardAmount`. This function calculates the `reward rate per second` and also records the `start` of the reward period. This has an edge case where rewards are not counted for the initial period of time until there is at least one participant.

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue stems from the implementation of the `notifyRewardAmount` function, which is responsible for initiating the reward distribution. This function calculates the reward rate per second and sets the start and end times for the reward period. However, it does not account for scenarios where there are no participants at the beginning of the cycle.

Look at the code for `notifyRewardAmount` in  `StakingRewardsV2.sol` derived from the `synthetix` staking rewards contract:
[StakingRewardsV2.sol#L645-L666](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L645-L666)
```js
    function notifyRewardAmount(uint256 _reward, uint256 _rewardUsdc)
        external
        onlyRewardsNotifier
        updateReward(address(0))
    {
        if (block.timestamp >= periodFinish) {
            rewardRate = _reward / rewardsDuration;
            rewardRateUSDC = _rewardUsdc / rewardsDuration;
        } else {
            uint256 remaining = periodFinish - block.timestamp;

            uint256 leftover = remaining * rewardRate;
            rewardRate = (_reward + leftover) / rewardsDuration;

            uint256 leftoverUsdc = remaining * rewardRateUSDC;
            rewardRateUSDC = (_rewardUsdc + leftoverUsdc) / rewardsDuration;
        }

        lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
        periodFinish = block.timestamp + rewardsDuration;
        emit RewardAdded(_reward, _rewardUsdc);
    }
```
The intention here, is to calculate how many tokens should be rewarded by unit of time (second) and record the span of time for the reward cycle. However, this has an edge case where rewards are not counted for the initial period of time until there is at least one participant. During this initial period of time, the reward rate will still apply but as there isn't any participant, then no one will be able to claim these rewards and these rewards will  remain unused in the contract until the next cycle of `notifyRewardAmount()`.

This is a known vulnerability that has been covered before. The following reports can be used as a reference for the described issue:

[0xMacro](https://0xmacro.com/blog/synthetix-staking-rewards-issue-inefficient-reward-distribution/)
[y2k](https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-09-y2k-finance-findings/issues/93)



## Impact
 This results in inefficient reward distribution and a deviation from the intended reward schedule.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L645-L666

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
A possible solution to the issue would be to set the start and end time for the current reward cycle when the first participant joins the reward program (i.e. when the total supply is greater than zero) instead of starting the process in the `notifyRewardAmount`.
