Abundant Scarlet Loris

Medium

# Incorrect Handling of Cooldown Period Update Leading to Potential Denial of Service for Stakers

## Summary
The setCooldownPeriod() function in StakingRewardsV2.sol allows the owner to change the cooldown period for withdrawals. This can result in a user experiencing an unexpected and unfair extension of their cooldown period, effectively causing a Denial of Service (DoS) for the user.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `setCooldownPeriod()` function enables the owner to modify the cooldown period, which can range from 1 week to 52 weeks. If a user stakes tokens expecting a cooldown period of 1 week, but the owner then changes the cooldown period to 52 weeks, the user will be unable to withdraw their tokens for an additional 51 weeks. This arbitrary extension of the cooldown period is unfair to users and can be considered a form of Denial of Service (DoS).

## Impact
Users who have staked tokens under an initial cooldown period may face an unexpected and prolonged delay in withdrawing their tokens if the cooldown period is extended by the owner. Users are effectively prevented from accessing their tokens as initially planned.

## Code Snippet
[Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L678)

```solidity
function setCooldownPeriod(uint256 _cooldownPeriod) external onlyOwner {
        if (_cooldownPeriod < MIN_COOLDOWN_PERIOD) revert CooldownPeriodTooLow(MIN_COOLDOWN_PERIOD);
        if (_cooldownPeriod > MAX_COOLDOWN_PERIOD) {
            revert CooldownPeriodTooHigh(MAX_COOLDOWN_PERIOD);
        }

        cooldownPeriod = _cooldownPeriod;
        emit CooldownPeriodUpdated(cooldownPeriod);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. To address this issue, implement a mechanism that ensures the cooldown period for each user's stake is consistent with the cooldown period in effect at the time of their last stake similar to `userLastStakeTime`. This can be achieved by recording the cooldown period for each user when they stake and using this recorded period when processing withdrawals. 