Abundant Scarlet Loris

Medium

# Lack of Functionality to Withdraw Rewards to Different Account Can Cause Loss of Rewards

## Summary
The current implementation of the `getReward()` function in the staking contract does not allow users to withdraw rewards to a different account. This limitation can cause loss of rewards in scenarios where a user's wallet is compromised or blacklisted.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `getReward()` function calls an internal function `_getReward()` with the user's address as both the account and the recipient of the rewards. There is no provision for specifying a different recipient address. This restriction can cause issues in the following scenarios:
1. If a user's wallet key is compromised, they cannot redirect the rewards to a secure wallet.
2. If a user's address is blacklisted by USDC, they cannot claim their USDC rewards to a different, non-blacklisted address.

## Impact
Users may lose their rewards if they cannot withdraw to a different address in the event of a compromised wallet or a blacklisted address. This can lead to a significant loss of funds for the user.

## Code Snippet
[Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L345-L351)

```solidity
function getReward() external {
        _getReward(msg.sender);
    }

    function _getReward(address _account) internal {
        _getReward(_account, _account); 
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Allow users to specify a different recipient address for their rewards. Modify the getReward() function to accept an optional recipient address. If no recipient address is provided, default to the user's address.

```solidity
function getReward(address _to) external {
    if (_to == address(0)) {
        _to = msg.sender;
    }
    _getReward(msg.sender, _to);
}
```