Massive Grey Alpaca

High

# Front-Running Risk in Reward Distribution due to Unstaking

## Summary

The reward distribution mechanism for staked tokens is vulnerable to front-running attacks. Specifically, if a user with a large stake (User B) decides to unstake their tokens, it can affect the reward distribution for other stakers (e.g., User A) by altering the total staked token supply. This issue allows User B to strategically front-run reward claims, potentially reducing the rewards for User A.

## Vulnerability Detail

The reward mechanism calculates rewards based on the proportion of each user’s staked tokens relative to the total staked tokens. When a large amount of staked tokens is withdrawn, the total staked supply decreases, which in turn increases the `rewardPerToken` for the remaining stakers:

```solidity
    function rewardPerToken() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 allTokensStaked = totalSupply();

        if (allTokensStaked == 0) {
            return rewardPerTokenStored;
        }

        return rewardPerTokenStored
            + (((lastTimeRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateTime) * rewardRate * 1e18) / allTokensStaked);
    }

    /// @inheritdoc IStakingRewardsV2
    function rewardPerTokenUSDC() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 allTokensStaked = totalSupply();

        if (allTokensStaked == 0) {
            return rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC;
        }

        return rewardPerTokenStoredUSDC
            + (((lastTimeRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateTime) * rewardRateUSDC * 1e18) / allTokensStaked);
    }
```

Example scenario:

User A has staked 100 tokens.
User B has staked 1,000 tokens.
Total staked tokens: 1,100.

Total rewards: 10 KWENTA tokens and 100 USDC tokens.
User A's share: 100\1100 of total rewards.
User B's share: 1000\1100 of total rewards.

User B unstakes 500 tokens.
New total staked tokens: 600.

The `rewardPerToken` increases as rewards are now distributed among 600 tokens instead of 1,100.
User A’s share of rewards per token increases, but the total reward for User A might be less due to the decrease in total staked tokens.

## Impact

Users can be fronrunned and receive fewer rewards than expected if malicious user strategically withdraws tokens.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/main/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L435-L456

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement well known `ERC4626` standart.