Cheerful Black Wasp

Medium

# Underflow in `unstakedEscrowedBalanceOf` Function

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `unstakedEscrowedBalanceOf` in the `StakingRewardsV2` contract calculates the `unstaked escrowed balance` of an account by subtracting the staked `escrowed` balance (escrowedBalanceOf(_account)) from the total escrowed balance (rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account)). This calculation assumes that rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account) is always greater than or equal to escrowedBalanceOf(_account). due to  this assumption , the subtraction will result in an underflow, causing the function to revert.

**Example Scenario**

* Initial State:
rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account) = 0
escrowedBalanceOf(_account) = 0
* First Call to _stakeEscrow:
User stakes some escrowed tokens.
rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account) increases by the staked amount.
escrowedBalanceOf(_account) also increases by the staked amount.
* Second Call to _stakeEscrow:
If the user tries to stake again without any new escrowed tokens being added to rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account), the function unstakedEscrowedBalanceOf will try to subtract the same or a larger escrowedBalanceOf(_account) from a potentially smaller or equal rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account), causing an underflow and revert.

## Impact

* Reverts: If the assumption that rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account) is always greater than or equal to escrowedBalanceOf(_account) is violated, the subtraction will result in an underflow, causing the function to revert.

* Functionality Disruption: Functions that rely on unstakedEscrowedBalanceOf, such as _stakeEscrow and _compound, will also revert, disrupting the staking and compounding processes.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L227C4-L229C6

```solidity
function unstakedEscrowedBalanceOf(address _account) public view returns (uint256) {
    return rewardEscrow.escrowedBalanceOf(_account) - escrowedBalanceOf(_account);
}

```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation