Cheerful Black Wasp

Medium

# Spaming of Mapping in `approveOperator` Function can lead to corruption

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

The `approveOperator` function in the `StakingRewardsV2` contract allows any user to `approve` or `disapprove` an operator for their account. However, this function can be called by anyone, and there is no restriction on the number of times nor the user verification(i.e anyone can call the functino) it can be called. This can lead to a potential vulnerability where malicious actors can spam the `operatorApprovals` mapping, causing it to grow indefinitely. If the spamming is extensive, it can lead to storage bloat and potential corruption of the mapping.

## Impact

If the mapping grows too large, it may lead to potential corruption or inefficiencies in accessing the data.

**Malicious User:**
    - Malicious actor Eve decides to spam the system.
    - Eve writes a script to call `approveOperator` with a large number of different `_operator` addresses.
    - Eve calls `approveOperator(Operator1, true)`, `approveOperator(Operator2, true)`, ..., `approveOperator(OperatorN, true)` in a loop.
    - The mapping `operatorApprovals[Eve][Operator1]`, `operatorApprovals[Eve][Operator2]`, ..., `operatorApprovals[Eve][OperatorN]` is set to `true`.
    - This causes the `operatorApprovals` mapping to grow indefinitely, consuming more and more storage.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-kwenta-staking-contracts/blob/0527fb7425206a3338c23177416436c6286cedf9/token/contracts/StakingRewardsV2.sol#L494C5-L500C6

```solidity
/// @inheritdoc IStakingRewardsV2
function approveOperator(address _operator, bool _approved) external {
    //@audit-anyone can call this function and spam the mappings, if the spamming is huge this can lead to corruption
    if (_operator == msg.sender) revert CannotApproveSelf();

    operatorApprovals[msg.sender][_operator] = _approved;

    emit OperatorApproved(msg.sender, _operator, _approved);
}

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation